README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">RSL Editor</h1>

<p align="center">
  The open content licensing editor for the AI-first Internet
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/onurkanbakırcı">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/onurkanbakirci?style=flat&label=onurkanbakirci&logo=twitter&color=0bf&logoColor=fff" alt="onurkanbakirci Twitter follower count" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/onurkanbakirci/rsl-editor">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/onurkanbakirci/rsl-editor?style=social" alt="GitHub Stars" />
  </a>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/onurkanbakirci/rsl-editor" alt="License" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://app.netlify.com/projects/rsl-editor/deploys">
    <img src="https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/f9d30443-e8c2-49ae-b1d7-917f8fcece39/deploy-status" alt="Netlify Status" />
  </a>
</p>

<a href="https://github.com/onurkanbakirci/rsl-editor">
  <img alt="RSL Editor" src="public/_static/og.png">
  <img alt="RSL Editor" src="public/_static/og-2.png">
</a>
<br/>

## Introduction

**RSL Editor** is an open-source web application for creating and managing **Really Simple Licensing (RSL)** - a standardized, machine-readable format for content licensing in the AI era. 

RSL provides a clear, consistent way to define content usage rights, permissions, and restrictions, making it easy for content creators, publishers, and AI systems to understand and respect licensing terms.

### What is Really Simple Licensing (RSL)?

RSL is an open standard designed to address the challenges of content licensing in an AI-first world. It provides:

- **Standardized Format**: Machine-readable XML format for consistent licensing across platforms
- **AI-Ready**: Purpose-built for AI training and content consumption use cases
- **Flexible Permissions**: Support for various licensing models from open to restrictive
- **Clear Rights Management**: Define what can and cannot be done with your content



## Usage

### Creating Your First RSL License

1. **Sign up** for an account or log in
2. **Navigate** to the Dashboard
3. **Click** "Create New RSL" 
4. **Enter** a website URL to analyze
5. **Configure** licensing terms using the visual editor
6. **Generate** and download your RSL XML

### RSL Format Example

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<rsl version="1.0">
  <content>
    <title>My Blog Post</title>
    <description>An article about AI and content licensing</description>
    <url>https://myblog.com/ai-licensing-post</url>
  </content>
  <licenses>
    <license id="license-1" name="Non-Commercial Use">
      <permits>
        <usage>read</usage>
        <usage>share</usage>
        <user>individual</user>
      </permits>
      <prohibits>
        <usage>commercial</usage>
        <usage>ai-training</usage>
      </prohibits>
      <payment type="free" />
    </license>
  </licenses>
</rsl>
```


## Author

Created by [@onurkanbakirci](https://linkedin.com/in/onurkanbakırcı) in 2025, released under the [MIT license](https://github.com/onurkanbakirci/rsl-editor/blob/main/LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

Update README.md to include new features of Really Simple Licensing (RSL) such as Visual RSL Builder, RSL Document Management, and multi-license support. Enhance clarity on RSL's capabilities for content licensing in an AI-first world.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">RSL Editor</h1>

<p align="center">
  The open content licensing editor for the AI-first Internet
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/onurkanbakırcı">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/onurkanbakirci?style=flat&label=onurkanbakirci&logo=twitter&color=0bf&logoColor=fff" alt="onurkanbakirci Twitter follower count" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/onurkanbakirci/rsl-editor">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/onurkanbakirci/rsl-editor?style=social" alt="GitHub Stars" />
  </a>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/onurkanbakirci/rsl-editor" alt="License" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://app.netlify.com/projects/rsl-editor/deploys">
    <img src="https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/f9d30443-e8c2-49ae-b1d7-917f8fcece39/deploy-status" alt="Netlify Status" />
  </a>
</p>

<a href="https://github.com/onurkanbakirci/rsl-editor">
  <img alt="RSL Editor" src="public/_static/og.png">
  <img alt="RSL Editor" src="public/_static/og-2.png">
</a>
<br/>

## Introduction

**RSL Editor** is an open-source web application for creating and managing **Really Simple Licensing (RSL)** - a standardized, machine-readable format for content licensing in the AI era. 

RSL provides a clear, consistent way to define content usage rights, permissions, and restrictions, making it easy for content creators, publishers, and AI systems to understand and respect licensing terms.

### Features

RSL is an open standard designed to address the challenges of content licensing in an AI-first world. It provides:

- **Visual RSL Builder**: Intuitive form-based editor for creating RSL documents with real-time configuration
- **RSL Document Management**: Centralized dashboard to store, organize, and manage all RSL documents
- **RSL Validation**: Built-in validator with comprehensive error checking and best practice warnings
- **Website Crawling**: Automated web crawling to discover and analyze website pages for RSL creation
- **XML Generation**: Automatic generation of machine-readable RSL XML documents
- **RSS Integration**: Generate RSS feeds with embedded RSL licensing data
- **Web Pages Integration**: Embed RSL data directly into web pages and HTML documents
- **Media Files Integration**: Support for various media file formats with RSL metadata
- **Multi-License Support**: Configure multiple license types (commercial, non-commercial, AI training)
- **Permission Management**: Define granular permissions and user restrictions
- **Sitemap Parsing**: Extract website structure from XML sitemaps
- **Batch Operations**: Process multiple pages and RSL documents simultaneously

## Usage

### Creating Your First RSL License

1. **Sign up** for an account or log in
2. **Navigate** to the Dashboard
3. **Click** "Create New RSL" 
4. **Enter** a website URL to analyze
5. **Configure** licensing terms using the visual editor
6. **Generate** and download your RSL XML

### RSL Format Example

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<rsl version="1.0">
  <content>
    <title>My Blog Post</title>
    <description>An article about AI and content licensing</description>
    <url>https://myblog.com/ai-licensing-post</url>
  </content>
  <licenses>
    <license id="license-1" name="Non-Commercial Use">
      <permits>
        <usage>read</usage>
        <usage>share</usage>
        <user>individual</user>
      </permits>
      <prohibits>
        <usage>commercial</usage>
        <usage>ai-training</usage>
      </prohibits>
      <payment type="free" />
    </license>
  </licenses>
</rsl>
```


## Author

Created by [@onurkanbakirci](https://linkedin.com/in/onurkanbakırcı) in 2025, released under the [MIT license](https://github.com/onurkanbakirci/rsl-editor/blob/main/LICENSE.md).
